Oh that's (***)
Bean pastes?
(***) when they frost ...You know when you're doing frosting on a cake and they're piping flowers?
Ohhhh..
yes Yes!
what oh..
really...
Oh, dear.
Oh yeah
yes yeah
Oh, really?
really (***)
really
yeah
yes
oh
oh..
oh yeah
yes
Yeah, that's fascinating. I've never heard of that.
I didn't know they had glasses too.
oh
oh really
It's something that came from Korea.
You got to go like this.
Oh Okay. wow
Yes.
wow That sounds like delicious, too.
But I'm sure it's pretty.
oh okay
yes
oh
Interesting.
Ummm baking not neccessarily
Cookies? I do. (***)
But when I do everyday cooking, it's just so routine for me.
that I don't consider it much of a hobby but um..
I did get into, you know, once you start thinking about...
how you can make certain things from scratch.
You know, it gets a little more interesting. Just make it a little more healthy.
try to get (***) That's interesting to me.
and
Just like...
Maybe like a pasta as you're talking about the sauces and things like that.
just something on your own..
Rather than, you know, buy something, you know, if you make it from scratch, it'll taste better.
and umm
But it is a little more time consuming and labor intensive.
You know, I feel the deterrence when you don't get into it.
that much but um...
But yeah, that's something like that.
I would like to do too.
But I guess my other hobby would be, I mean if you call it a hobby.
It seems like everyone wants to travel too.
That's definitely something that I do enjoy.
i am attracted to more Traveling now
As they get older, it's like, oh, I guess I need to make some time.
My wife isn't as demanding.
You're so accustomed to it.
Oh, I know what I want to do sometime to do something stuff little more
So me and my husband, we've been trying to do a little more traveling.
It's actually Japan, right?
he wanted to go to .....
phedophillas
Oh really?
Yes, she's in Tokyo right now.
That's the end of South Portal.
(***)
We've never been to San Juan. That was always on his wish list to go to.
and umm..
no i think no i actually declined though
i wasn't asked..
Not really. It's cold weather, that's why.
So that was like the....yesyes.
and it happened to be right now is like the most busiest time of an hour
And I just thought it's so hard to take off
If it was a different time, I couldn't take it.
and I know he's wishing to go
and he asked me realistically what I would do.
be able to go, you know, and push it off a year or two.
And I'm really looking at, and realistically, I think, no, I won't be able to.
It's just, you know, this is like really one of the worst times to go. It's just why I choose my job.
you know